start off with a dress that fits your
body shape perfectly now you're going to
cut along the garment that fits you will
but you want to leave at least one to
one and a half inches around the
perimeter of your garment when you sew
your garment will shrink or get smaller
so the one to one-and-a-half inches is
going to allow seam allowance so your
garment is not too tight be sure to use
very sharp scissors designed to cut
fabric it'll make the job a lot easier
dull scissors will possibly ruin your
fabric once you cut it out you should
then have the shape of your dress you
see this here is very body hugging which
is exactly what I wanted
just straight pins about an inch apart
along the edge of your dress
[Music]
now you can begin to sew when you're
doing your sewing stretch material use a
zig-zag stitch or if your sewing machine
has a stretch stitch function use that
all right family so this is the sim on
finished dress if you follow the quick
simple instructions you should be able
to make your dress long short mid length
however you want it I just showed you
guys with some accessories so hopefully
this was some inspiration to break out
that sewing machine that you're not
using you can find fabric from anywhere
so anyway hopefully you guys enjoyed
this quick and easy tutorial I've been
doing a little bit of sewing and
hopefully you guys enjoyed this dress
this is just um it's a little bit
tighter than I wanted to make it but
it's all trial and error when sewing so
hopefully this inspires you guys to get
creative so I'll talk to you guys in the
next video keep it real hmm shine and
it's got to beat your rails way easy
can't respect it's not between you
Jah babies in the stuck
[Music]